Why is that?
Your family's business is the whole South City
Even the secrets of the entire South City for many years
There is a huge conspiracy behind it
Anyway
I can't tell you.
Why can't you tell me?
I just want to know my own background
Don't ask
You don't know anything.
It's best for you.
Come to kill dad
Is it that exaggerated?
Ye Sheng has helped our family so much
Isn't it just a gentleman?
Tell him if you know
What do you know?
No one is fine
If I say it, no one will get better
I'm not afraid. I'm not afraid of anything.
I just want to know the truth
Please tell me the truth
You are not afraid but I am afraid
If I told you the truth
Will die tomorrow
Is it related to the four major families?
Were the four families responsible for the death of my family?
Hey
You already know the truth, understand the doctor, I advise you
It's your son, let him go
Have a good time.
The truth is so important
But for me, the truth is the truth
He is more important than life
Have you ever considered
Your master has been holding back for more than 20 years without telling you
Why is that?
You want to protect you
I don't want you to get hurt.
But enough
Dr. Ye, that's it for today